hi this Susie for shiny
i'm here with the samsung g800
now this is the latest mobile camera
phone from samsung and this is all very
exciting because it's the first camera
phone which has optical zoom wealth and
digital zoom so as digital zoom you take
the photo and if you enlarge it
basically just takes the same photo and
gets a bit closer so it can end up quite
pixelated optical zoom actually focuses
in on a very specific area and then
greens that lens forward so you get bit
of pictures as a result and now before I
stop the camera stuff other things this
has it's a really nice living phone it's
a very sturdy build metal back and it
feels it's relatively heavy it's quite
thick but it for that it does actually
make you feel like a camera it's also
got things like a dedicated google
search button gmail button RSS reader
voice recorder it really is
fantastically expect it's a really nice
phone so let's get hsdpa which means
that it's really fast data transfer so
that's nice however the browser isn't
optimized it's not fantastic and having
looked at shiny shiny on it I've seen a
lot that always looking at and the
internet on mobiles and it's not great
on this phone so you probably wouldn't
use it too much as your dedicated
browser and I know it's old news now but
I'm still a massive fan of the Samsung
startup screen which has big fan if
you're in England and the Eiffel Tower
if you're in Paris and it was little
birds and the sky adapts according to
whether you've got strong sleep or not
how cute is that now the camera itself
and this obviously is quite a big deal
in the camera phone world and I was
quite excited and you pick it up
anything yeah that's gonna be really
nice nice sliding out to stop the camera
it feels like proper camera zoom buttons
up here it's great and however a few
little niggles that I have um when you
were wit start up the camera you pull
across this shutter here so okay I've
pulled across one two three just then
got the actual screen looking at you
which is quite slow and certainly slow
get from actual dedicated camera it's
also got a slight shutter lag and the
empty shake doesn't really work i'll
show you some photos that are taken of
it using my very steadiest hand and
they're still pretty shaky it's got in
camera editing for things like anti-red
are you can add frames you have text
things like that and you can also take
video on it so it's 5 megapixels it's a
three times optical zoom and so on paper
it looks like a really good camera but
it's still not quite good enough I'd say
to replace the digital camera which is
annoying because I really wanted it to
be but I'm sorry it's not for all that
even without the camera it's a really
really nice phone and certainly one of
my top seven this year